2 billion
What do you use to make with me?
Qin Shaochu added 2 billion
Anyone else want to increase the price?
2 billion time
2 billion twice
2 billion three times
It's a deal!
Hahahaha good good
Don't forget the land in the south of the city
No more contradicting each other
Flowers 2 billion. Isn't that a fool?
Hahahaha
Doucheng, how dare you fuck me
The price is quoted by you.
What does it have to do with me, hahaha?
Ah, we'll see.
Here we go.
What we are going to auction is the development rights of Dongcheng District
The starting price is 500 million
Each price increase shall not be less than 80 million
The new city project has been confirmed in Dongcheng District
I must take this development right
A billion is indeed a slave family
The shot is doubled
Take a look at this development award in Dongcheng District?
The slave family really must get it.
15 billion linlang
I remember your Lin family
There are no real estate projects
People enter real estate
I have to report to your Du family.
1.80 billion 2 billion
that
My mother only gave me 2 billion
Plus the $1 billion the company mobilized
If you lose
I'm all done
Dongsha, don't worry.
Our Qin family will cover the bottom for you.
Wait for you to win the development rights of the new city
Remember to give us a part of the Qin family.
Thank you please come
I 3 billion